This file is located at `/fa/`.

`FA.js` is designed as 'classes'. Specifically, it is using JavaScripts's prototype variable to implement a 'class-like' object. The following 'classes' are implemented in this file:

1. FiniteAutamaton

	This is the core for any kind of FiniteAutamaton. Fundamental functions such as adding nodes/edges, removing nodes/edges are implemented. If you want to implement a new kind of FA, it is suggested that you extend this class so you don't have to worry about drawing the arcs of edges.
2. faTransition

	This is the class for the edges in finite automata. `Edge` class is provided in [JSAV](http://jsav.io) but the library does not provide functions to draw arcs (when there are two edges between two nodes).
3. faState

	The class for states in finite autamata. Functions implemented include changing the state label and displaying the right-click menu.

## FiniteAutamaton ##

### Variables ###
- \_nodes: [faState]

	Array that stores all states of the autamaton
- \_edges: [faTransition]

	Array that stroes all edges of the autamaton
- \_alledges: not used, kept for historical reasons
- stack: [char]

	Stack used for NPDA, initialzied to ['Z']
- alphabet: Object

	The alphabet of the autamaton. One example of its content is as below:

```javascript
{
	'a': true,
	'z': true,
	'b': true
}
```

Its keys form the alphabet set. In the project the alphabet array is retrieved with

```javascript
Object.keys(alphabet);
```

- jsav: JSAV

	The JSAV object
- selected: faState

	selected node, used for right click, delete etc
- undoStack, redoStack: [JSON]

	the undo and redo stacks of the automaton
- editable: boolean
	
	Editable bool variable from constructor. If set to `true`, it means that the right-click menu is enabled.
- emptystring: String

	The empty string defined by this autamaton.
- shorthand: boolean

	Represents if the autamaton's edges can be added using shorthand notation.

### Functions ###

- initFromParsedJSONSource(source, ratio)

	initialize the autamaton from parsed JSON data `source`. `ratio` is the horizontal compression ratio of the autamaton. For example, if it's set to 0.5 the graph is compressed to half its size horizontally. Note that this function is **NOT** a constructor.

- addNode(options)

	Although there is an `options` object as parameter, it is not suggested to put in any data because node names are used as ID for further processing. Use the code

```javascript
var node = graph.addNode();
```

- getTransitionsFromState(node)

	takes in a faState variable, and output transitions **starting from** this node as an array.

- enableDragging()

	enable the feature of dragging to move nodes

- disableDragging()

	disable the feature of dragging to move nodes

- removeNode(node, options)

	remove the node (faState) in the graph. `options` usage can be found in JSAV library, although it is rarely used in this project.

- newNode(value, options)

	add a new node in the graph with name `value`. This function is a helper function called by `addNode`.

- addEdge(fromNode, toNode, options)

	add an edge from `fromNode` to `toNode` in the graph. `options.weight` should always be provided, otherwise there would be error. Common usages:

```javascript
graph.addEdge(node1, node2, {weight:'a'});
//add edge from node1 to node2 with transition 'a'

graph.addEdge(node1, node2, {weight:''});
//add edge from node1 to node2 with transition as emptystring of the graph
```

- removeEdge(fNode, tNode, options)

	remove the edge from `fNode` to `tNode` in the graph. If there is no such edge no action is taken.

- makeInitial(node, options)

	make a node initial (add initial marker and save it in `initial` variable)

- removeInitial(node, options)

	remove the initial state of a node

- makeFinal(node)

	make a node final

- removeFinal(node)

	remove the final status of the node if it is a final state

- setShorthand(setBoolean)

	set the shorthand configuration of the graph to `setBoolean`

- getFinals()

	return the final states of the graph as an array

- updateEdgePositions()

	update all edge label positions of the graph. This is useful when deleting one of many transitions on an edge in TMEditor or NPDAEditor

- updateAlphabet()

	update the alphabet of the graph according the its edges and return the alphabet as an array

- updateNodes()

	function to update the numbering of nodes. Called when a node is deleted

- getNodeWithValue()

	return the node in the graph with name ("q*"). This is useful for handling user input

- takePushdownTransition(nodeFrom, letter, options)

	unused method with mysterious function from last year

- transitionFunction(nodeFrom, letter, options)

	with a node and input letter, return the array of states reachable

- transitionFunctionMultiple(nodeFrom, letter, options)

	Function to test ND in automata with multiple input symbols on one edge.

- inputTransitionFunction(nodeFrom, letter, options)

	Not used by me, but from last year:
	> Hacky function, but it's used for testingND for Mealy Machines.

- inputTransitionFunctionMultiple(nodeFrom, letter, options)

	> TestingND for Mealy Machines with multiple input symbols on one edge.

- traverse(state, letter, options)

	> unused; see traversal functions in individual tests

- layout(options)

	lay out the graph using JSAV's laying out algorithm

- hideRMenu()

	hide the right-click menu if it is visible

- saveFAState()

	save the current graph in `undoStack` and `redoStack`. Used for undo and redo functions of an automaton. Called after a node added/deleted, edge added/edited/deleted etc.

- undo()

	undo the last change to the graph. This change has to be an operation on a node/edge

- redo()

	redo the last change to the graph

## faTransition ##

### Variables ###

- options 

	object representing the options for drawing the edge. Default `arc` is set to false.

- jsav

	jsav object in charge of drawing this transition

- startnode, endnode: faState
	
	the start node and end node of the edge

- container

	the container of the edge, it is set to `startnode.container`

### Functions ###

- weight(newWeight)

	set the weight of the edge to `newWeight`. If `newWeight` is `undefined` return the current weight of the edge.

- layout()

	draw the edge using `jsav`. The edge will have an arc if there is already a reversed direction egde between two nodes

- normalizeAngle(angle)

	normalze an `angle` to be between 0 and 2 * pi, helper function for `layout()`

- lineIntersectCircle(pointa, pointb, center, radius)

	> calculate the intersection of line from pointa to pointb and circle with the given center and radius

- getNodeBorderAtAngle(dim, targetNodeCenter, angle, radius)

	helper function for `layout()`. Not called outside `FA.js`

- dfaArc(newBool)

	> Function to set whether an edge should be an arc or not.

## faState ##

### Variables ###

- jsav
	
	jsav object in charge of drawing this node

- container

	container of this node, helper variable for drawing functions

- options

	options for drawing this node, can put in jsav option key-value pairs

- element

	`jQuery` element of the node. Useful when updating the css attributes of a node

- wasHighlighted

	helper variable for dragging nodes

### Functions ###

- getOutgoing()

	return edges starting from this node as an array

- stateLabel(newLabel, options)

	> Function to set the state label or get the current value of the state label.
	> "node.stateLabel()" does not return the state label if the node is hidden!
	> "node._stateLabel.element[0].innerHTML" will return the state label regardless of visibility

- showMenu(e)

	`e` is the parameter JavaScript event. Display the right click menu, called when right clicks on a node. The right-click menu is in `/ui/rmenu.html`

- mooreOutput(newOutput, options)

	display the moore machine output of a node, not used this year

- stateLabelPositionUpdate(options)

	update the label position of the node. This function must be called whenever a node is moved

- addInitialMarker(options)

	> Function to add the initial state arrow to this state

## static functions ##

- convertToDFA(jsav, graph, opts)
	
	convert `graph` (supposedly an NFA) to a DFA and return the converted graph. `opts` is the option for drawing the return ed graph.

- addFinals(g1, g2)

	add final markers to nodes in `g2` if the corresponding nodes in `g1` are finals. helper function for `convertToDFA`

- lambdaClosure(input, graph)

	> Function to apply lambda closure.
	> Takes in an array of values (state names), returns an array of values
	> Only used in NFA to DFA conversion.
	> There's a different lambda closure function used for nondeterministic traversal in certain tests.

-	dfs(visited, node, options) 

	> helper depth-first search to find connected component

- dragStart(event, node)

	called when drag on node starts. highlight the node dragged

- dragging(event, node)

	called when `node` is being dragged, update positions of edges connecting to `node`

- dragStop(event, node)

	called when the node stops being dragged. unhighlight the node (or keep highlighting if the node was highlighted before dragging)

- toggleInitial(g, node)

	toggle the initial status of `node` in graph `g`

- toggleFinal(g, node)

	toggle the final status of `node` in graph `g`

- changeLabel(node)

	prompts the user to change the custom label of `node`. This is an option in the right-click menu

- clearLabel(node)

	clear the custom label of the node. An option in the right click menu, and also a button after minimizing DFA or converting from NFA

- checkEmptyString(w)

	> Function to switch which empty string is being used (lambda or epsilon) if a loaded graph uses the opposite representation to what the editor is currently using.

- toColonForm(string)

	replace all appearances of ";" and "," to ":" in `string`. This is because Turing Machines use the weight notation of "a;b,R" and NPDAs use the notation of "a,b;c". Transforming comma and semicolon to colon will make the separating process easier.
